EVERYDAY PRAYER ITEMS
One Hour Itemized Prayer Session
60min – 1-2min/item
These prayer points have been thoughtfully crafted to empower Christians, both young and old, to cultivate a consistent, dynamic, and impactful prayer life.
Through their consistent use, believers will grow in faith, experience tangible results, and learn to wield their God-given authority in Jesus Christ, causing them to triumph over the spiritual forces of darkness in the heavenly realms.
PREAMBLE
1 Thessalonians 5: 16-18
Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will for you in Christ Jesus.
Prayer is a commandment of the Lord Jesus Christ, who Himself prayed. As His followers, we pray in imitation of Him. Our prayers must be offered in faith and diligence, expressing gratitude as we consistently seek the Lord. Through prayerful fellowship by the Holy Spirit, we present our petitions, believing that He hears us and will answer.
FELLOWSHIP – Opening
Matthew 6: 9-13
“This, then, is how you should pray: “ ‘Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name, your kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us today our daily bread.  And forgive us our debts, as we also have forgiven our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from the evil one.
Recite as the precursor and opening to every prayer as the Lord Jesus Christ commanded.
FELLOWSHIP - Repentance
Psalm 51
Get your Bible out.
It's too long for the slide.
Recite and declare your repentance. Name the sins you are aware of (sins of commission) and ask God forgive you for the sins you are unaware of (sins of ommission).
FELLOWSHIP – Forgiveness
Mark 11: 25
And when you stand praying, if you hold anything against anyone, forgive them, so that your Father in heaven may forgive you your sins."
Name and forgive all those who you hold anything against so that your Father in Heaven may forgive you your sins too. Ask God to help you forgive them by the Spirit.
FELLOWSHIP – Agreement
Matthew 18: 19-20
“Again, truly I tell you that if two of you on earth agree about anything they ask for, it will be done for them by my Father in heaven. For where two or three gather in my name, there am I with them.”
Declare that this prayer is a prayer of agreement between you and those (name them) who you are coming into agreement with. You can also agree with the Holy Spirit.
FELLOWSHIP – Commitment
Habakkuk 2: 1
I will stand at my watch and station myself on the ramparts; I will look to see what he will say to me, and what answer I am to give to this complaint.
Declare your commitment to seeking the Lord with regards to the answers, wisdom, knowledge and understanding you seek concerning your prayer requests.
PRAISE & WORSHIP
Psalm 100: 4
Enter his gates with thanksgiving and his courts with praise; give thanks to him and praise his name.
Thank God for the Lord Jesus Christ and the revelation of who HE is through the Lord, and praise HIM for all that HE has done through the manifestation of the Lord Jesus by whom HE has reconciled us back to HIM through the Lord's blood.
PRAISE & WORSHIP
Colossians 2: 13-15
When you were dead in your sins and in the uncircumcision of your flesh, God made you alive with Christ. He forgave us all our sins, having canceled the charge of our legal indebtedness, which stood against us and condemned us; he has taken it away, nailing it to the cross. And having disarmed the powers and authorities, he made a public spectacle of them, triumphing over them by the cross.
Thank God for the gift of salvation that came through the cross, the altar of the Lord's exaltation, upon which the victory over Satan and his demons was attained on your behalf.
PRAISE & WORSHIP
John 14: 26
But the Comforter (Counselor, Helper, Intercessor, Advocate, Strengthener, Standby), the Holy Spirit, Whom the Father will send in My name [in My place, to represent Me and act on My behalf], He will teach you all things. And He will cause you to recall (will remind you of, bring to your remembrance) everything I have told you. [AMPC]
Thank God for the precious and indescribable gift of the Holy Spirit who is our Comforter, Advocate, Intercessor, Counselor, Strengthener and Standby.
PRAISE & WORSHIP
2 Corinthians 13: 14
May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all.
Thank God for the grace of  our Lord Jesus Christ that bestows the same favour upon us that was on the Lord Jesus Christ and His ministry.
PRAISE & WORSHIP
Luke 10: 19
I have given you authority to trample on snakes and scorpions and to overcome all the power of the enemy; nothing will harm you.
Thank God for the authority of the name of the Lord Jesus Christ through which we overcome all the power of the enemy by trampling on snakes and scorpions with the guarantee that we will not be harmed.
FAITH
Matthew 4: 4
Jesus answered, “It is written: ‘Man shall not live on bread alone, but on every word that comes from the mouth of God.’”
Ask God to establish you in HIS Word and for the spiritual zeal to always prioritize HIS Word above all else.
FAITH
Matthew 22: 37-38 & John 14: 15
Jesus replied: “ ‘Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.’ This is the first and greatest commandment.
&
“If you love me, keep my commands.
Ask God to teach you how to love the Lord by walking in obedience to His commandments by the power of His Spirit that dwells inside of you.
FAITH
John 15: 4
Remain in me, as I also remain in you. No branch can bear fruit by itself; it must remain in the vine. Neither can you bear fruit unless you remain in me.
Ask God to help you develop the spiritual fortitude and zeal to remain in the Lord so you can produce fruits of righteousness by His grace.
FAITH
James 1: 22-25
But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves. For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass: for he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was. But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed. [KJV]
Ask God to protect you from deception by keeping you rooted and established in HIS Word through faith that is alive.
FAITH
James 1: 2-4
My brethren, count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations; knowing this, that the trying of your faith worketh patience. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing. [KJV]
Ask God to help you grow and increase your faith in the Lord Jesus Christ so that you may have strength and perseverance in times of trials and tests.
HEALTH
1 Peter 2: 24
“He himself bore our sins” in his body on the cross, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; “by his wounds you have been healed.”
Pray for divine health and healing according to the finished works of the cross and the wounds of the Lord Jesus Christ by which you are healed.
HEALTH
Acts 9: 34
“Aeneas,” Peter said to him, “Jesus Christ heals you. Get up and roll up your mat.” Immediately Aeneas got up.
Decree and declare that divine healing is working in your life because the Lord Jesus Christ makes you well and heals you of all your diseases and sicknesses.
HEALTH
Mark 16: 17
And these signs will accompany those who believe: In my name they will drive out demons; they will speak in new tongues;
Bind every disease and sickness-causing demon, and command them to get out of you and your family's lives. Bind every witch, every warlock, every wizard and every sorcerer that is warring against your health. Decree and declare that their power and authority over your lives has been paralyzed in the name of Jesus Christ.
HEALTH
Psalm 103: 2-5
Praise the Lord, my soul, and forget not all his benefits— who forgives all your sins and heals all your diseases, who redeems your life from the pit and crowns you with love and compassion, who satisfies your desires with good things so that your youth is renewed like the eagle’s.
Praise the Lord and give thanks for your healing and for renewing your youth like that of the eagle's.
RELATIONSHIPS – Spiritual Parents
1 Thessalonians 5: 12-13
Now we ask you, brothers and sisters, to acknowledge those who work hard among you, who care for you in the Lord and who admonish you. Hold them in the highest regard in love because of their work. Live in peace with each other.
Ask God for the grace and humility to submit yourself reverently to the leadership of your parents in the faith whom the Lord Jesus has appointed to pastor you and blessed you with.
RELATIONSHIPS – Parents
Ephesians 6: 13
Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right. “Honor your father and mother”—which is the first commandment with a promise— “so that it may go well with you and that you may enjoy long life on the earth.”
Ask God for the grace and humility to honour your father and your mother that it may go well with you and that you may enjoy a long and fruitful life.
RELATIONSHIPS – Spouse
Ephesians 5: 22 & 25
Wives, submit yourselves to your own husbands as you do to the Lord.
&
Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her.
Pray for for the grace and humility to submit to one another in love as a husband towards his wife and in respect as a wife towards her husband out of reverence for the Lord Jesus Christ.
RELATIONSHIPS – Children
Deuteronomy 5: 29
Oh, that their hearts would be inclined to fear me and keep all my commands always, so that it might go well with them and their children forever!
Ask God to grant your children (present & future) humble and obedient hearts that are inclined and receptive to keeping the commands of the Lord that it may go well with them and their children forever.
RELATIONSHIPS – Church Family
Romans 12: 9-10
Love must be sincere. Hate what is evil; cling to what is good. Be devoted to one another in love. Honor one another above yourselves.
Pray for the grace and humility to walk in the spirit of love and honour towards your brothers and sisters in Christ with whom God has brought you into fellowship.
FINANCE – Covenant
Deuteronomy 8: 18
But remember the Lord your God, for it is he who gives you the ability to produce wealth, and so confirms his covenant, which he swore to your ancestors, as it is today.
Remind God of HIS covenant promise to establish you in the blessing of Abraham that you qualify for as a new creation in Christ.
FINANCE – Employment
Ephesians 4: 28
Anyone who has been stealing must steal no longer, but must work, doing something useful with their own hands, that they may have something to share with those in need.
Ask God for the grace and favour to find suitable and sustainable work that will not distract you from fellowship with HIM so that you can also contribute to the works of the gospel.
FINANCE – Firstfruit & Tithe
Proverbs 3: 9-10 & Malachi 3: 10
Honor the Lord with your wealth, with the firstfruits of all your crops; then your barns will be filled to overflowing, and your vats will brim over with new wine.
&
Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse, that there may be food in my house. Test me in this,” says the Lord Almighty, “and see if I will not throw open the floodgates of heaven and pour out so much blessing that there will not be room enough to store it.
Make a vow to the Lord to obey these commandments concerning your money and remind God of HIS covenant promise to bless your money with protection and increase.
FINANCE – Sowing & Offering
2 Corinthians 9: 6 & 10
Remember this: Whoever sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and whoever sows generously will also reap generously.
&
Now he who supplies seed to the sower and bread for food will also supply and increase your store of seed and will enlarge the harvest of your righteousness.
Ask God to provide seed for you to sow and make a vow to sow and offer freely and cheerfully from the seed that HE provides.
FINANCE – Business
Psalm 90: 17
May the favor of the Lord our God rest on us; establish the work of our hands for us— yes, establish the work of our hands.
Pray for God's favour to rest upon you and your businesses ventures and ask God to establish the work of your hands that you may prosper in all that you put your hands to.
WITCHCRAFT
Luke 12: 2-3
There is nothing concealed that will not be disclosed, or hidden that will not be made known. What you have said in the dark will be heard in the daylight, and what you have whispered in the ear in the inner rooms will be proclaimed from the roofs.
Ask God to expose all the witches, warlocks, wizards and sorcerers that have positioned themselves against you, your family and your prophetic destinies.
WITCHCRAFT
Matthew 16: 19
I will give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven; whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven.”
Confront and bind, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, every witch, warlock, wizard and sorcerer that has been pronouncing curses against you and your family.
WITCHCRAFT
Isaiah 54: 17
No weapon forged against you will prevail, and you will refute every tongue that accuses you. This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord, and this is their vindication from me,” declares the Lord.
Break every curse, every spell, and every hex that has been pronounced against you and your family in the authority of the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.
WITCHCRAFT
Luke 10: 18-19
He replied, “I saw Satan fall like lightning from heaven. I have given you authority to trample on snakes and scorpions and to overcome all the power of the enemy; nothing will harm you.
Break every fetter, every chain and every tether tying you and your family to any demonic altars that keep you in demonic cycles of failure regression and stagnation. Decree and declare the victory of Christ over them and remind Satan that he has fallen from heaven.
WITCHCRAFT
Exodus 22: 18 & Genesis 12: 3
Do not allow a sorceress to live.
&
I will bless those who bless you, and whoever curses you I will curse; and all peoples on earth will be blessed through you.”
Pronounce God's curse of death upon every witch, every warlock, every wizard and every sorcerer and remind God of HIS covenant promise to bless those who bless you and to curse those who curse you.
DECLARATIONS – Faith
2 Corinthians 5: 17
Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, the new creation has come: The old has gone, the new is here!
Decree and declare that eternal life is at work in every fibre of your being because you now have the life of God in you and are walking in the light of that life.
DECLARATIONS – Health
1 Peter 2: 24
“He himself bore our sins” in his body on the cross, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; “by his wounds you have been healed.”
Decree and declare that divine health and divine healing are your portion in this life because you are healed by the Lord Jesus Christ's stripes. Therefore, no sickness, disease or infirmity can stand before you.
DECLARATIONS – Relationships
Colossians 1: 29
To this end I strenuously contend with all the energy Christ so powerfully works in me.
Decree and declare that the divine energy of the Holy Ghost is at work in you, your family, your job, your businesses, your finances, your safety, your security and your preservation.
DECLARATIONS – Finance
2 Corinthians 8: 9
For you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though he was rich, yet for your sake he became poor, so that you through his poverty might become rich.
Decree and declare that through the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, you have been made rich in material wealth and are amply supplied because of the gracious life of abundance you have been given.
DECLARATIONS – Witchcraft
Colossians 2: 15
And having disarmed the powers and authorities, he made a public spectacle of them, triumphing over them by the cross.
Decree and declare that you have victory over any and every situation you are currently facing and will face in the future because Satan and every principality, power, ruler, authority, strongman, devil and demon were defeated on the cross.
THANKSGIVING CONFESSION
Mark 11: 24
Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.
Thank God for HIS faithfulness and HIS promise that whatever you have asked for in this prayer session, you have already received it by faith.
HALLELUYAH!
Please look at the timing on the slides. They start off as 1min/item and progress to 2min/item and back to 1min/item.
