RESTORATION

One Hour Itemized Prayer Session

5min/item

These prayer points have been thoughtfully crafted, by spiritual inspiration, to
empower Christians, both young and old, to cultivate a consistent, dynamic,

and impactful prayer life.

Through their consistent use, believers will grow in faith, experience tangible
results, and learn to wield their God-given authority in Jesus Christ, causing
them to experience triumph after triumph over the spiritual forces of darkness

in the heavenly realms.
PREAMBLE
Psalm 103: 1-5

Praise the Lord, my soul; all my inmost being, praise his holy name. Praise the
Lord, my soul, and forget not all his benefits—who forgives all your sins and
heals all your diseases, who redeems your life from the pit and crowns you
with love and compassion, who satisfies your desires with good things so that

your youth is renewed like the eagle’s.

The purpose of this itemized prayer session is to petition God for HIS
intervention by reminding HIM of the covenant promises HE made concerning
your restoration in Christ - to satisfy your desires with good things and to

renew your youth like the eagle’s.
PRAISE &amp; WORSHIP
Psalm 100: 4-5

Enter his gates with thanksgiving and his courts with praise; give thanks to
him and praise his name. For the Lord is good and his love endures forever;

his faithfulness continues through all generations.

Give thanks and praise to God for HIS enduring love and HIS faithfulness.

PETITION
Joel 2: 25-27

“I will repay you for the years the locusts have eaten— the great locust and the
young locust, the other locusts and the locust swarm— my great army that I
sent among you. You will have plenty to eat, until you are full, and you will
praise the name of the Lord your God, who has worked wonders for you; never
again will my people be shamed. Then you will know that I am in Israel, that I
am the Lord your God, and that there is no other; never again will my people

be shamed.

Remind God of HIS covenant promise to repay you for the years the locusts
have eaten, and thank the Lord that never again will you be shamed because

HE is your God before whom there is no other.

PETITION
Matthew 7: 7-8

“Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will
be opened to you. For everyone who asks receives; the one who seeks finds;

and to the one who knocks, the door will be opened.

Ask God to restore what the enemy has stolen from you in the areas of your
faith, your health, your relationships and your finances according to HIS
covenant promise. Remind God of HIS promise to give in response to your
asking, to lead you in response to your seeking and to open the door in

response to your knocking.
PETITION
Psalm 126: 4-6

Restore our fortunes, Lord, like streams in the Negev. Those who sow with
tears will reap with songs of joy. Those who go out weeping, carrying seed to
sow, will return with songs of joy, carrying sheaves with them.
Ask God to restore what the enemy has stolen from you in the areas of your
faith, your health, your relationships and your finances. {Be specific with the

naming of things you want to be restored}.

PETITION
Psalm 23: 5-6

You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies. You anoint my
head with oil; my cup overflows. Surely your goodness and love will follow me
all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Remind God of HIS covenant promise to prepare a table before you in the
presence of your enemies and to anoint your head with oil. Thank God for HIS
goodness and mercy that follows you all the days of your life until the day of

Christ.
PETITION
Genesis 12: 2-3

“I will make you into a great nation, and I will bless you; I will make your name
great, and you will be a blessing. I will bless those who bless you, and
whoever curses you I will curse; and all peoples on earth will be blessed

through you.”

Remind God of HIS covenant promise to bless you, to make you into a great
nation and to make your name great. Remind HIM too of HIS promise to bless
those who bless you, and to personally curse those who curse you.

PETITION

Ezekiel 16: 14 &amp; Isaiah 62: 3

And your fame spread among the nations on account of your beauty, because
the splendor I had given you made your beauty perfect, declares the Sovereign

Lord.
&amp;

You will be a crown of splendor in the Lord’s hand, a royal diadem in the hand

of your God.

Ask God to endow you with HIS splendour so that your fame may spread
among the nations to the glory of HIS name, and to establish you a royal

diadem in HIS hand.
PETITION
Deuteronomy 28: 12-13

The Lord will open the heavens, the storehouse of his bounty, to send rain on
your land in season and to bless all the work of your hands. You will lend to
many nations but will borrow from none. The Lord will make you the head, not
the tail. If you pay attention to the commands of the Lord your God that I give
you this day and carefully follow them, you will always be at the top, never at

the bottom.

Ask God to open the heavens, the storehouse of HIS bounty, and to bless the
work of your hands. Remind God of HIS covenant promise to establish you as

the head and not the tail; a lender and not a borrower.
PROPHETIC DECLARATION

Ezekiel 37: 4-6

Then he said to me, “Prophesy to these bones and say to them, ‘Dry bones,
hear the word of the Lord! This is what the Sovereign Lord says to these
bones: I will make breath enter you, and you will come to life. I will attach
tendons to you and make flesh come upon you and cover you with skin; I will
put breath in you, and you will come to life. Then you will know that I am the
Lord.’”
Prophesy to your faith, your health, your relationships and your finances.
Command breath to enter them and command them to come to life in the name

of the Lord Jesus Christ.

PROPHETIC DECLARATION

Ezekiel 37: 9

Then he said to me, “Prophesy to the breath; prophesy, son of man, and say to
it, ‘This is what the Sovereign Lord says: Come, breath, from the four winds

and breathe into these slain, that they may live.’”

Prophesy to the breath and command the breath to come from the four winds
and to breathe into your faith, your health, your relationships and your
finances in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ that they may live.

PROPHETIC DECLARATION

John 11: 43-44

When he had said this, Jesus called in a loud voice, “Lazarus, come out!” The
dead man came out, his hands and feet wrapped with strips of linen, and a
cloth around his face. Jesus said to them, “Take off the grave clothes and let

him go.”

Command your faith, your health, your relationships and your finances to
come forth from the tombs where they were held captive and command the
grave clothes to be consumed by the fire of the Holy Ghost in the name of the

Lord Jesus Christ.

PROPHETIC DECLARATION
Proverbs 4: 18 &amp; Isaiah 60: 1

The path of the righteous is like the morning sun, shining ever brighter till the

full light of day.
&amp;

“Arise, shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the Lord rises upon

you.

Thank God for your righteousness in Christ Jesus that makes your path like
the morning sun. Decree and declare that your light has come and that the

glory of the Lord rises upon you.
THANKSGIVING CONFESSION
Psalm 25: 3 &amp; Ephesians 3: 20-21

No one who hopes in you will ever be put to shame, but shame will come on

those who are treacherous without cause.

&amp;

Now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine,
according to his power that is at work within us, to him be glory in the church
and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, for ever and ever! Amen.
Thank God for HIS faithfulness, for HIS power that is at work within you, and

HIS promise to exceed all your expectations.

HALLELUYAH!
